Docs audit part 1 (#556)
adobe-private/react-spectrum-v3: packages/@react-spectrum/textfield/docs/TextField.mdx

Alternatively, a controlled value can be provided using the `value` prop.

```tsx example
function Example() {
  let [value, setValue] = React.useState('me@email.com');

  return (

>     <>

Reviewer: flex gap

      <TextField
        placeholder="Enter some text"
        onChange={setText}
        label="Your text"
        marginEnd="size-300"
      />
      <pre>Mirrored text: {text}</pre>
    </div>
  );
}
```

## Validation

TextFields can display a validation state to communicate to the user whether the current value is valid or invalid.
Implement your own validation logic in your app and pass either `"valid"` or `"invalid"` to the TextField via the `validationState` prop.

> The example below illustrates how one would validate if the user has entered a number larger than 15 into the TextField.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below illustrates how one would validate if the user has entered a email into the TextField.
```

```tsx example
function Example() {

>   let defaultEmail = "me@email.com";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  let defaultEmail = 'me@email.com';
```
